in html the javascript portion is writterned in the <script></script> tags that can be placed inside the <>body or the <head>section.
while using the internal scripting the scripts are generally placed at the bottom of the <body> element as due to the compilation of the script the loading of the page may slow down.

javascript can also be placed in the external files the extension of these files are .js
and these scripts can be included in the html documents by using the src of the file in the script tag

external scripts cannot contain script tags 

javascript can have a various display properties that actually include
window.alert() :  for writing into an alert box.
document.write() :    it simply writes into a html page
		using document.write() after the webpage is fully loaded will delete all the existing html elements

innerHTML :  it actually defines the Html element content
console.log()  :  is used to display to the console

variables:
	in js the declearation of the variable need not to have the datatype of the variable and is decleared by keyword var;

comments:
	single line //
	multiple lines  /*  */

js is a case sensitive language
when seperated by semicolons multiple statements in one line are allowed
js ignores whitespaces
in a good code all the variables are decleared at the begeening of the script.
on redeclearing the  javascript variable the varibles does not actually loses its value.
If we put a number in quotes while declearing, the rest of the numbers will be treated as strings, and concatenated.  var x = "5" + 2 + 3;
var x = 2 + 3 + "5";  in this case first 2+3 will be executed and then it will be concatenated as the string .
or in a more simple way we can say that if we add a number and a string the result will be a string.
typeof  :	 the function return the type of the variable.

OPERATER PRECEDENCE TABLE :
http://www.w3schools.com/js/js_arithmetic.asp
js have dynamic datatypes means that a single variables can store different datatypes
strings can be decleared by single or double quotes we can use one quote inside the other only if they are not same.
for all the numberes js have the same data type that is Number


js array can be writterned with square brackets
js objects is writterned with curly braces
The typeof operator returns "object" for arrays because in JavaScript arrays are objects.
in js a variable without a value is undefined and thus gives the output undefined with the typeof operators.
for emptying a variable we define it as undefined.
typeof null is object!!

js objects
		we can access js ibject oproperties in two ways
		objectName.propertyName
		objectName["propertyName"]
 	similarly this can be done for methods

 When a JavaScript variable is declared with the keyword "new", the variable is created as an object:
 	eg.var x = new String();
 		in this case x is decleared as a String object

 These object actually slow down the execution speed
 if we assign a value to a variable without declearing it then automatically becomes a global variable
 Local variables are deleted when the function is completed.

 Global variables are deleted when you close the page.

 JAVASCRIPT events:
 	 Html events are the things that happens to html elements. js can react on these events.

whenever a event occurs in html js can let us do smething when the event was detected.
<some-HTML-element some-event='some JavaScript'>
like onclick is an event and calling a function when this event occurs is what js do
some of the events in html is
onchange	An HTML element has been changed
onclick	The user clicks an HTML element
onmouseover	The user moves the mouse over an HTML element
onmouseout	The user moves the mouse away from an HTML element
onkeydown	The user pushes a keyboard key
onload	The browser has finished loading the page

JS strings:
	The indexOf() method returns the index of (the position of) the first occurrence of a specified text in a string:

	The lastIndexOf() method returns the index of the last occurrence of a specified text in a string:

both of these function returns a value -1 when the given dtring is not found.
 
similar function to indexOf() is search()




